Update scenario management overview from develop (#571)
Avaiga/taipy-doc: docs/tutorials/complete_applications/scenario_management_overview/step_09/step_09.md

> You can download the code for
<a href="./../src/step_09.py" download>Step 9</a> 
or all the steps <a href="./../src/src.zip" download>here</a>. 

# Subscribing to a scenario

*Estimated Time for Completion: 15 minutes; Difficulty Level: Advanced*

> To have an action after changing a job status, we can [subscribe a function](../../../../manuals/core/entities/orchestrating-and-job-execution.md/#subscribe-to-job-execution) to a scenario. A status change calls this function. This feature allows the creation of logs or particular events for Taipy GUI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To perform an action after a job status change, you can [subscribe a function](../../../../manuals/core/entities/orchestrating-and-job-execution.md/#subscribe-to-job-execution) to a scenario. 
When there is a status change, this function is triggered. This feature enables the creation of logs or specific events for the Taipy GUI.
```
